update for C# 8 syntax (#15201)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/keywords/using-statement.md

[!code-csharp[csrefKeywordsNamespace#4](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/csrefKeywordsNamespace/CS/csrefKeywordsNamespace.cs#4)]

> Beginning with C# 8.0, you can use the following alternative syntax for the `using` statement:

Reviewer: would it be helpful to extend this to say something like "that doesn't require braces" or something to this extent?

[!code-csharp[csrefKeywordsNamespace#5](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/csrefKeywordsNamespace/CS/csrefKeywordsNamespace.cs#5)]

> The newer `using` statement translates to very similar code. The `try` block opens where the variable is declared. The `finally` block is added at the close of the enclosing block, typically the method close.

Reviewer: I like @pkulikov suggestions. Should we also say The newer `using` statement **syntax**?

For more information about the `try`-`finally` statement, see the [try-finally](try-finally.md) topic.

Multiple instances of a type can be declared in the `using` statement, as shown in the following example:

[!code-csharp[csrefKeywordsNamespace#6](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/csrefKeywordsNamespace/CS/csrefKeywordsNamespace.cs#6)]

> You can combine multiple declarations of the same type using the new C# 8.0 syntax as well. This is shown in the following example:

Reviewer: should this be more future proof?

```suggestion
You can combine multiple declarations of the same type using the new syntax introduced with C# 8 as well. This is shown in the following example:
```
